eating the union minister said that yoga
has nothing to do with any religion he
added that yoga unites people and is a
holistic approach with major health
benefits he also pointed out that there
is no compulsion on anyone to practice
yoga but as it is good for body and soul
all should make yoga a part of their
lives and contribute in the celebrations
of yoga day yogami tehee dhamaka gattaca
fishman na hito haunt andrews castle Amy
or a Prosecco journée de gallo kurta yo
la journée Baraka map lakay AB sub-ceo
Padre a ham SE objects you know i
oughtta be patent a wire the delegation
applauded the initiative of the Prime
Minister due to which 21st une has been
declared as the International Day of
yoga and handed over a memorandum to the
Union Minister reflecting the sentiment
representatives of the modulus ulema a
hint Bora society and other
organizations were present in the
delegation Yahoo charm alone your
omelette burn hoga home to his teeth go
to puri duniya to swim for to pierre
marie avantis limpert jpa his mail arch
I maloney kasauli play the real other
hundred percent I'm dying here who's may
bode DK a hardcover book that idea of
his gooniac here in the Sankei goroka
Veronica Leo Santa boo Salman especially
the first ever World yoga day will be
celebrated in 192 countries except Yemen
simultaneously on the twenty first of
June the government has applied to the
guinness world records as it attempts to
set two World Records in yoga one for
organizing of the largest yoga class and
the second for the presence of people
from most nationalities in one yoga
class Prime Minister Narendra Modi will
lead a huge event at New Delhi's rajput
on jun 21st expected to be attended by
over 35,000 people from across the
country the Prime Minister will grace
the occasion and address the gathering
but he will not perform yoga
to commemorate the day two coins of
rupees Stan and rupees 100 and a stamp
will also be released Prime Minister
Modi an avid practitioner of yoga for
years has been treating various our sins
and talking about